ITP Onboarding Updates (#1849)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: common-content/en/module/js1/errors/index.md

When we execute the code above, we get this:

```console
const firstName = "Francesco;
                  ^^^^^^^^^^^

Uncaught SyntaxError: Invalid or unexpected token
```

> We get a **SyntaxError** message. This error message is telling us that we've broken one of the rules of the language. In this case the interpreter didn't expect to see the semicolon - it needs us to add the missing `"` before the expression makes sense.

Reviewer: I think technically the unexpected token here is the newline rather than the semicolon?

```suggestion
We get a **SyntaxError** message. This error message is telling us that we've broken one of the rules of the language. In this case the interpreter didn't expect to see the end of a line - it needs us to add the missing `"` before the expression makes sense.
```
